# OpenGL3DScene

1. How do I approach designing software?
I approach software design by breaking down problems into smaller tasks and focusing on the core requirements of the program. I gained new design skills by refining my skill of modular design. I broke down complex tasks into easier managable parts, like making 3D objects from multiple shapes and applying textures to certain parts of it. I applied different lighting and thought carefully about object placement. This helped me with design principles that are balance, contrast and usability. My design process was to research 3D modeling techniques, how to apply textures to them, adn then prototyping. I had to iterate on the initial design to make sure all the moving parts work well together as I scaled my project up from objects, to lighting, to having textures. In the future I will apply modular and iterative design which lets me be more flexible and scalable.
2. How do I approach developings programs?
I apporach this by starting off small and building up from it. I create the core functionality of the program and then later add more onto it. I factor iteration by testing often and going back to previous tasks to refine it making sure any needed adjustments are made as it scales up. My code evolved because I mainly focused on getting my project to work and then I worked on making modifications to it so that it blends well together.
3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
My computer visualizations class helps me in my career because it allows me to approach problems when creating 3D graphics, user interfaces, and optimizing algorithms. This class helped my understanding of computer graphics with making interactive environments that are engaging to the user. I see this class helping me with virtual simulations or even in game development. Knowing how to work with shaders, textures, and 3D transformations are invaluable to me in my career.
